Add Geonames service and location validation steps (#11)
lifebit-ai/nlp-geocode-module: README.md

The parameters for the config file are:

- `geonames_api_endpoint`: api endpoint for the `Geonames` location service.
- `url_api_endpoint`: api endpoint for the `Photon` geocoder.
- `url_reverse_endpoint`: api endpoint for the `Photon` decoder (to get location from coordinates, not implemented for future use).
- `lang`: parameter to specify the language of the returned results, default is `"en"`
- `osm_keys`: list of filters on the geocoder results, based on Open Stree Map features https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Map_features. Default is `place`

> ### Installing module
> 
> Remember to install the module, before running tests or you won't be able to test changes. Use `pip3 install -e .` to ensure that happens.
> 

Reviewer: Just a suggestion - maybe we could call this section `Running the unit tests` for something like that, and give people a one-liner on how to run the tests (and what env variables to use)?

```suggestion
### Running the unit tests

Remember to install the module, before running tests or you won't be able to test your changes as the `pytest` command will run against the package. The `pip3 install -e .` will ensure this happens.

```shell
export PHOTON_SERVER=test 	# Set dummy environment variable when running tests
export GEONAMES_SERVER=test # Set dummy environment variable when running tests

pip3 install -e . && pytest -vv	# Run the tests while updating the package with latest changes
```

```
